Load the rootless registries.conf.d for override (#936)
containers/image: docs/containers-registries.conf.d.5.md

Once the main configuration at `/etc/containers/registries.conf` is loaded, the
files in `/etc/containers/registries.conf.d` are loaded in alpha-numerical

> order. Then the files in `$HOME/.config/containers/registries.conf.d` are loaded in alpha-numerical order, if they exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order. Then the conf files in `$HOME/.config/containers/registries.conf.d` are loaded in alpha-numerical order, if they exist.
```

> Specified fields in a config will overwrite any previous setting.  Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specified fields in a conf file will overwrite any previous setting.  Note
```

> Specified fields in a conf file will overwrite any previous setting.  Note

Reviewer 2: (Eventually this will need updating after the semantics is settled.)

Author: @mtrmac  not sure how to describe the logic in the manpage
